feat(node-sdk): added resourceDetectors option to NodeSDK #3210 (#3212)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: experimental/CHANGELOG.md

### :boom: Breaking Change

* Add `resourceDetectors` option to `NodeSDK` [#3210](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/issues/3210)

>   * `NodeSDK.detect()` function, are no longer able to receive config as a parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `NodeSDK.detectResources()` function is no longer able to receive config as a parameter.
```
